Noooo, there’s no way I, a mere handsome and sexy shopkeeper, could possibly have bankai!
There’s a lot of products that you can buy with money…but my love is the only limited product that only you can have.
That wasn’t very nice. I do believe you’ve killed my hat.
I’m sure it’s just some pretty girl talking about me somewhere.
Aizen-sama will get maaaad at youuuu!
Oh, it IS a chore. Risking your life and keeping busy are all the same!
Don’t use others as a reason for walking into death’s arms
You give me too much credit. These days, I’m just a plain old candy-store owner
You’re my fuzzy little troublemaker, yes you are. Now who’s your daddy? Hmm?
If you're thinking that this message is like some written in the victim's own blood cliché from some TV show...then you obviously have no sense of humor!
Chad, have you ever heard of the worf-effect? It's when a character is really strong but always loses fights to show how strong a bad guy is.
You were taking it so well, wasn't expecting an elbow to the face.
In the time that I haven't seen you, you've taken up some interesting fashion.
Now yell as loud as you can: amazing headband of justice in place, amazing armour of justice protect me now!
Aghhh, you broke my nose!
Only those swallowed up by ignorance and fear who take false steps, shall plunge us into the waters called “destiny”.
I’ll drive you into a corner and make you remember that attack.
Name is Urahara Kisuke, the humble owner of a small neighbourhood candy store.
Scream Benihime!
This episode was brought to by Portable Gigai, now available for the low price of only $19.95!
A warrior who has lost his ability to fight is only going to be in the way.
Lately, I've been looking at these two guys only. As expected, I see flowers when there are women in the workplace...the atmosphere.
Don't give up on the whole barrel just cause of a few bad apples.
What's necessary in a fight isn't fear. Nothing can be born of that.
If we want to witness something nobody has ever seen before, we'll create it ourselves. That's how us scientists are.
If I prepare a thousand options, all I need is for one of them to work. So I make a habit of preparing anything and everything that shows any kind of promise. That's just how I work.
Captain Kurotsuchi is a genius ya know, but not as great as me.
